Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[instrumental music]
[upbeat music]
♪ I know it's happening again
♪ 'Cause well I know
we can't go back ♪
♪ Back to being friends
♪ So we'd end up this way
♪ Facing collision
we both didn't listen ♪
♪ 'Cause who cares
what people say? ♪
♪ Now babe
there's no turning back ♪
♪ Can't live alone wanna find
the one thing that's true ♪
♪ You won't regret
not takin' a chance ♪
♪ And I can't quit you
♪ 'Cause I keep on fallin'...
There she is.
my bestie and bride-to-be.
I was thirsty and. apparently.
not very graceful.
Oh. yeah. that would explain
why the plastic wrap's off
by about an inch and a half
on the left side.
-Hm.
-Is it that noticeable?
-Uh. a-a little.
-Oh. perfect timing.
Don't panic!
I can treat the stain.
Where does your mom
keep her white vinegar?
I don't know if she has that.
Okay. I'll just get mine
out of my bag. then.
You carry around white vinegar?
Uh. do you know
how many different things
this can be used for?
Never mind.
We don't even have time
for that.
I packed your dinner-rehearsal
dress and two extras.
they're hanging up
in your closet. I am positive
I can get this stain out
in time. but. you know.
options alleviate stress.
You think of everything.
-I love you.
-Oh. I love you more.
Oh. just don't mention this
to Claire.
She already thinks
I'm such a klutz.
Oh. that's not true.
She asked if I needed a lid
for my drink.
She thinks I need a sippy cup.
She asked everyone that. I'm
sure she's probably just worried
about her expensive floors.
She also had a mini melt down
because I grabbed paper napkins
instead of cloth
for the snack table.
Just look at the bright side.
I mean.
at least it's in the comfort
of your own home.
Besides. you love her son.
He makes you the happiest girl
in the world.
so at least she did that right.
See! Look at that charming face!
Hey. wifey!
-Hey. Meg. how's it goin'?
-Hey.
Bride-to-be.
You're stressed. Is my mom
driving you crazy again?
I-I promise. she's just
super excited about everything.
Excited is one word for it.
And we had a stain situation.
but Meg has it under control.
Oh. Meg once again
saves the day. huh?
Per usual.
Hey. did you. um. did you talk
to her about the--
Talked to me about what?
-[Meg] I don't know. El.
-Consider it a wedding gift.
No. you cannot play
the bride card on this one.
Why not?
Because you know
I don't like you
setting me up. it's just so
awkward and uncomfortable.
Sam thinks
he'd be a great fit for you.
And he's the best man.
That doesn't make me feel
any better.
And why is that always a thing.
setting up the bachelor best man
with the desperate
maid of honor?
You have to get back
on the horse sometime.
Ellie. I told you. horses aren't
in the budget for this one.
-[doorknob rattling]
-[chuckles]
Ellie. You were supposed to be
ready five minutes ago.
The ladies from my bridge club
will be here any moment.
-I'll get ready right now.
-The bride can't be late.
It sets a bad precedent
for your big day.
I'll be right there.
That was a lovely shower you
put together. though. Claire.
Oh. yes.
I noticed
you rearranged the snack table
and the picture display.
Sorry. sometimes
I just can't help myself.
The clock is ticking.
And that is my cue to leave.
-Already?
-Yeah. Work.
Plus.
Claire does not want me here.
She may think
that you're a klutz.
but she thinks
I put my hands on everything.
It's my house.
and I want you here.
Elle. I will be here
this afternoon
when the real guests arrive.
Okay?
Oh. and your dress is dry.
No. of course. we can do
a plated dinner. a buffet
and any kind of cuisine
you want.
Yes. of course. Okay.
Well. I am looking forward
to it. Okay. you. too. Bye.
-Lovely. Do you have a second?
-Oh. yeah. anything for you.
Have you heard
from the bakery? I mean...
The order was supposed to be
here an hour ago
and I guess the driver's MIA.
This donut wall is turning
into an epic disaster.
There's going to be a wall.
no donuts.
so something
needs to be done now.
Yes. uh. Gary blew out
his back tire.
but I called The Donut Hole
and they are dispatching
a new driver to pick up
the goods. so all is good.
-Okay. Well done.
-Don't mention it.
So this isn't the only reason
that I wanted
to talk to you. though.
You're never going to guess
who has hired us
to plan her special day.
Tell me.
-No way!
-Yes. way.
Ms. Valerie Ford.
Her previous wedding planner
just fell through.
The job is yours if you think
you can handle it.
Handle it? I was built for this.
This is only the type of wedding
that I've dreamed of planning!
An endless budget.
so many possibilities.
horses. you know.
if I wanted them.
All to elevate you
to the next level.
All the pictures are gonna be
published in
all the celebrity magazines.
set new industry trends.
"Meg Mooreland
goes metropolitan."
[cell phone ringing]
Look. I know your plate is full
with your best friend's wedding
around the corner and all.
but this is
a huge opportunity for us.
We haven't had someone
this big since ever.
Rest assured. there is plenty
of room on my plate.
I'm hungry. Starving.
Good. 'cause she's in my office.
Now let's go.
-Wait. what?
-Now. Move it.
So how long do you think we need
to get this thing
up and running?
Ten to fourteen months
seems to be the sweet spot
for most of our clients.
I'd prefer something
a bit sooner.
I was hoping to get married
next month.
Can you work with that?
That's doable. right?
I don't wanna give the press
too much notice.
Um. yes. uh. we would just
really have to move fast.
Uh. what is your head count?
I trimmed the guest list down
to about 500 or so.
Uh. wow. You are having a giant
celebration. That's fantastic.
I'm in love! I want to shout it
from the rooftops!
I've met my forever person.
and I've waited my entire life.
I don't wanna wait any longer.
You know what I mean?
Yeah. I know what you mean.
It's. like. love.
It. it blossoms every day. Uh...
I want everyone from my mail
carrier to my hairstylist
to share our love.
Oh. and I've decided to cover
all expenses for my guests.
so if you could organize
flights and hotels
when the RSVPs come in...
Yeah. I would just need a list
with numbers. and I'm on it.
There will also be
a lot of children.
and I'd like to
keep them occupied.
So if you could put together.
like. a carnival
or a petting zoo or something...
Yeah. kid-friendly attractions
are a great idea.
I would also love some Hawaiian
fire dancers for the reception.
Fire dancers? Okay.
I would also contact
the fire department
for reviews and permits.
On it.
Oh. Ellie.
I'm so glad you're here.
-Guess what I just found out.
-What?
I am doing
Valerie Ford's wedding.
-Congratulations!
-Thank you.
[sighs] But enough about me.
How was shower number one?
Better than expected. The ladies
from the bridge club adored me.
Well. that's no surprise.
I just have a few things that
I'd like to finalize with you.
Like what? You've been on top of
everything since the proposal.
I know you weren't able to
really commit to a color palette
for dinner. and you liked yellow
'cause it went with the flowers.
but we weren't able to commit
to a pink.
I commit to pink.
It sounds pretty.
Uh. Ellie. that doesn't
narrow it down. like. at all.
Light pink?
I have an entire binder here.
-Full of pink swatches.
-Hm.
You know. I trust you to make
these kind of decisions.
You're not only my wedding
planner. you're my best friend.
And I can't wait to be there for
the biggest day of your life.
-Wow. it crept up quickly!
-Imagine how I feel.
-A bundle full of nerves?
-Uh...
-All brides-to-be are.
-Yeah. you're probably right.
I just. I haven't been able
to sleep too well. either.
Well. you are going to be
so happy that you decided
to stay local as opposed
to a summer destination wedding.
I mean. yeah. the beach backdrop
is beautiful.
but people tend to forget that
sand is like nature's glitter
and it just gets everywhere.
-[chuckles]
-So are you excited for tonight?
You mean. the part you planned?
Obviously. Are you excited?
You get to meet the best man.
He's coming by later with Sam.
Oh. Can't wait.
Thank you so much. everybody.
for coming to attend
our Ellie's bridal shower.
-Um. uh. second.
-[Meg] Second bridal shower.
If anyone would like
to say a few words
about our beautiful bride.
we should have a few minutes
right after we open gifts.
Oh. and if anyone has moved
in the past three months.
I do not have your address
on file. so come see me
before you leave this eve.
I'll start with this one!
Okay.
-Thank you! I love it.
-Oh!
Well. now you can make smoothies
all the time at home.
You know. the green ones
that you like.
Add a little almond milk
add a little blueberry.
a coconut milk. She's
lactose intolerant. you know?
Okay. this one is from me.
and it is so awesome.
I think I might have to take
two swag bags in return.
Aww. thank you.
[gasps] I love it!
It's a fairy tiara
for your wedding.
-It's so cute!
-[laptop keys clacking]
Oh. Sorry.
I'll go get the desserts ready.
[indistinct chatter]
What are you doing?
Tyler?
Hey. It's been a while.
What are you doing here?
I'm the best man.
Of course you are. just my luck.
And can you please get out
of those?
I was just about to bring
these out to the party.
What-what are you.
like. the-the wedding planner?
Yeah. and the maid of honor.
thank you very much.
Of course you are.
Well. you need help?
-I-I can take this for you.
-No. no. no. it's fine.
Only now I need to replace two
of the cupcakes that you ate.
Thankfully.
I have extras in the fridge.
Or we could make some slight
modifications
and nobody else will know.
-Hands off the cakes. Tyler.
-I'm only trying to help.
That's exactly what
the best man does.
Not only were these
color coordinated.
but they are also organized
by dietary restrictions.
And guess what? You just
cross-contaminated everything.
-Uh. that's not good.
-Yeah. it's not ideal.
But I can fix it. if you don't
mind giving me a little space?
-Or we can move it over here--
-No. no. no.
-Please. just put it back down.
-It'll be so much easier.
-Tyler. Tyler. please. please...
-Whoa.
[Tyler] Uh...
This isn't happening.
Hey. how's the desserts
coming along?
Claire's already asking.
of course.
[gasps] Look. it's Tyler.
This is the guy
we've been telling you about.
Yeah. I know Tyler.
And if he would
just listen to me for once--
Or if you can consider
an outside opinion for once.
It doesn't have to always be
Meg Mooreland's mottos.
These floor cakes
are your fault.
And I bet
they taste really good.
You two do remember each other.
Aw. it's just like old times.
I still can't believe
you tried to set me up with him.
You know we've bumped heads
since college.
I had no idea. I thought
that was just the way
you two flirted.
We had Economics together.
[sighs] We had to work
on this group project.
Well. I worked on it 'cause
I had to redo all of his work
because he was just so lazy.
And the only time he wasn't lazy
is whenever he would
argue any point
that I made in class
because he thought
I was a know-it-all.
Yeah. He does like to get a rise
out of people.
And he dropped your dessert.
Okay. now
on to the important stuff.
I know that you passed on
a bachelorette party.
but I was thinking. since
everyone from the bridal party's
gonna be under one roof
at the chalet.
that we just have like a
little makeshift one. you know?
Mm. that's a sweet gesture. but
I don't think it's necessary.
Just think of it
like a sleepover.
-You know. we can play games.
-Yeah.
But it's extra work for you
and I'm already overwhelmed
as it is. you know?
You already planned
all the games. haven't you?
-Maybe a few.
-[both chuckling]
Okay. fine.
We can play some games.
Great. then all I need from you
is to just fill out
this little questionnaire.
Super simple. Shoe size.
favorite movie. first date.
And then we see
who knows you the best.
Okay. but I don't think anyone's
gonna know any of these answers.
I did.
You know more about me
than I do.
You were my little sister
in our sorority.
It was kind of my job.
Besides. why do you think
Sam calls me
asking for date recommendations?
Speaking of.
Sam was supposed to be here
half an hour ago
to work on vows.
Ah. I'm sure he'll be here soon.
he's probably
just stuck at your parents'.
No. he texted me earlier
when he left.
He said he was gonna grab a
quick bite with Tyler and then--
Oh. that's why.
-What?
-He's with Tyler.
He could be
halfway around the world by now.
-Oh. come on. he's not that bad.
-Let me ask you a question.
Would you eat sushi
if it wasn't that bad?
[laughs] Okay. I know you have
strong opinions about him.
but you have to get along.
at least for the next week.
[sighs] Okay. fine.
I will try my best.
Thank you.
-[laughs]
-[cell phone beeps]
-Finally. They just parked.
-See. I told you.
Now you just figure your vows
and I will finish the packing
for us.
Need a hand?
Uh. yeah. actually. if you could
pack these up in the trunk
once I'm done.
that would be amazing.
And it would help me save
some time in the morning.
-Okay. Sure thing.
-[Meg] Thanks.
I assume you don't trust me
with anything else.
Your assumption's accurate.
That was a great shower
you put on for Ellie. though.
You know. pretty and perfect.
like I know you like it.
Ah. yeah.
Not even you could ruin it.
Well. if you didn't get
so grabby in the kitchen...
You know. I was just trying
to be the best man
and compliment the party
you put together.
Um. it's my job to put my hands
on things. okay?
I am the maid of honor.
slash wedding planner.
You're not the only one around
here to have a fancy title.
Okay. but if you wanna be
a good best man.
you have to listen
to the wedding planner.
Oh. I can do that.
if she wouldn't mind
listening to some of my ideas.
Mm. Maybe you just
follow my lead.
Look. Sam is super sentimental.
and he keeps these trinkets
and mementos.
and I was thinking--
Tyler. I have it all
under control. okay?
Okay. Well. are the bags ready?
'Cause I need to get going.
Uh. yes. just one minute.
Valerie. hi.
-Hey. Meg. do you have a sec?
-Yeah. No. it's a great time...
[Valerie]
The RSVPs have been rolling in
and people want
their travel itineraries.
Could you get that sorted ASAP?
I have a few cousins
coming all the way from Greece.
Yeah. I-I'm on it.
if you could just text me
all the names
so I can prioritize them?
And I'll have everything
emailed and booked ASAP.
[Valerie] Thank goodness.
they'll also
need a guide
for things to do around town.
Oh. yeah. I mean.
you gotta keep them busy.
I will have everything to you
by tomorrow morning. I promise.
No. it was definitely February.
Uh. I-I don't think so.
That seems kind of quick.
Yeah.
it was definitely your birthday.
Seriously. you don't remember
the first time
you met my parents?
[Sam] Hey. o-okay.
I-I didn't forget meeting them.
It's just. the time of year
is just. you know. fuzzy.
You stuffed your jacket pocket
with those heart-shaped mints
from the hostess because
I said I liked them. remember?
It was definitely February.
My birthday's in the summer.
Oh. yeah. it's. uh. yeah. it's
kinda coming back to me now.
What other important things
do you not remember?
Hey. I...
I haven't forgotten
how much I love you.
Sam. we need to be on
the same page with these vows.
or otherwise what's the point?
[exhales sharply]
Okay. you. too. Bye.
Ellie and Sam
are fighting again.
Have you noticed them
bickering lately?
That's weddings for you.
They're fine.
-They don't look fine.
-They're doing their vows.
It's a sweet gesture.
but it's definitely opening up
a new can of stress.
It's normal. I promise.
They're fine.
Well. I hope that's all it is.
So you gonna take out
the bags today
or are they too heavy for you?
Yes.
[instrumental music]
Oh. Hey. You got here fast.
Yeah. I think
I missed rush hour.
Have a seat. Thank you
for coming on such short notice.
Yeah. of course.
I can see you're the last one
left at work. as always.
Well. you kinda have to be when
you do all the work yourself.
You wanted to. You thought group
project meant Meg project.
However you wanna remember it.
I would have given these to you
sooner. but the jeweler
just called a few hours ago.
-Wow. You trust me with these?
-You literally have one job.
Guard these with your life.
Okay. sure. Copy that.
-I have something for you. too.
-Oh?
It's a box I took
from Sam's place.
Remember I was telling you
earlier about
how he likes keepsakes?
I was thinking maybe you could
do something nice
with it for Ellie. I don't know.
It's good to have.
Aww. that's really sweet.
Thank you. Tyler.
You're welcome.
Well. uh. I'll let you
get back to work.
Thanks.
And try and get some sleep.
You know.
we got a big day tomorrow.
Oh. you do not have to worry
about me.
I know. I don't.
Can you not pace? It's making me
more anxious than I already am.
Sorry.
I didn't get much sleep
last night.
Valerie wants the world.
and I'm just not sure
I can get the world
ready in time.
Were you able to finish the vows
with Sam?
Sort of...
-Not really.
-Why not?
It's easy. right? I love you.
I take you to be
my lawfully wedded wife.
-Right?
-[cell phone beeps]
I'm struggling to say
how I feel.
Something doesn't make sense.
Sorry. that was the petting zoo.
I just. I don't know what to do.
Every time I start to write.
I think.
"What is Claire gonna say
about that?"
[cell phone beeps]
Well. you will have plenty
of time to figure it out
on the way to the chalet.
Are you. uh. ready to go?
Yeah. Sam said
Tyler is on his way over
and asked if we could caravan
together and grab--
Wait. what? Why?
No. No. no. no.
He's gonna seriously put us
way behind schedule.
-[doorbell rings]
-Looks like he's on time.
Maybe you should give him
some more credit.
[Ellie] Kathy? Hey!
How are you? Come on in.
Hi. ladies. I am so glad
I caught you before you left.
Meg. you haven't been
answering your phone.
Oh. yeah. sorry.
It's been in use nonstop today.
Wedding. wedding. weddings!
You know how it is.
Yes. weddings.
That's why I'm here. actually.
Um. I have some good news
and some bad news.
What's going on?
See. um.
I overbooked your rental.
Overbooked it?
How is that even possible?
I literally put in a reservation
months ago.
I know. I'm so sorry.
This has never happened before.
I think it was this intern
I had. She wasn't that great.
Anyway. this group of guests
arrived for a family reunion
and I called about the keys.
and I just lost it.
I promise I will find you
another great venue.
Okay. but this is her wedding.
Can't you just move the reunion?
I tried. It's 20 people.
Twenty very unmoving people.
Hey. What's going on?
An overbooking.
I can't believe it.
I'll issue you
a full refund ASAP.
But on to the good news.
we have options!
-The show must go on!
-Let me see that.
Anything in there.
20 percent discounted.
[door opens]
-What's going on. guys?
-Not much.
We got to find a new venue.
Do you have anything nicer?
It's wedding season. and all
our other venues are booked.
Why don't we just have it
at Sam's parents' house
where we're all staying
this weekend?
Your parents will be fine
with that. right. Sam?
Oh. yeah. you know.
Claire will just love that.
Hey. look. honey. I-I don't
think we have much of a choice.
I mean...
[cell phone beeps]
[instrumental music]
Wow!
-This place is stunning!
-Yeah. not bad. huh?
I can't believe we're getting
married at your parents' house.
-The other place had a sauna.
-Well. weddings are stressful.
I mean. people will sweat enough
on their own. you know?
Hey. I... Wa...
I feel like
I've let Ellie down.
Losing the venue
is just a tiny roadblock.
If I know you. this wedding's
gonna go off without a hitch.
Yeah. maybe you're right.
only now
I have a lot of people to call
and let know
the new venue address.
Well. maybe I can help.
Take the reigns somewhere.
Ah. we'll see.
[Meg sighs]
Okay. so the rental fiasco
set us back about 41 minutes.
Thankfully. that only
cut into our unpacking time.
Your mom and dad
should be here any minute now.
and Lauren within the hour.
Oh. and I called everyone
on the guest list
and let them know the new
address. so crisis averted.
[sighs] Well. thanks to Tyler
having that bright idea.
Oh. my gosh. I can't believe
I just said that.
Ah. See? Maybe he's changed.
Uh. no. One bright idea
does not make a changed man.
[sighs] Well. maybe Sam will
stop driving me crazy. too.
Hey. have you seen
a small jewelry pouch?
I'm positive I packed it
on the side of my suitcase.
No. I don't think so.
That's strange.
It was just right here.
Okay. well. can we look for it
a little bit later?
Janine is about to be here
to finalize the cake order.
No. we have to find it
right now. Meg.
Yeah. well. maybe it just fell
out when you were in the car.
-No. it's my something blue.
-Okay. well...
It'll be easier to search when
we're not in such a time crunch.
You don't understand.
It was my grandmother's.
My mom will freak out
when she finds out it's gone.
-[doorbell rings]
-[Ellie sighs]
I will help you
search for it tonight.
but now we gotta get going.
Oh. b-but you're still gonna
wear it for the wedding. though.
-We were in a rush. mom.
-And it's still being cleaned.
Oh. You don't miss a beat. Meg.
It feels like just yesterday
that I was watching you two
play in the backyard. and now my
little girl is getting married.
Mom. you say that
every time we're together.
Well. your mother
still sees you as a toddler
running around in the backyard.
Well. I have to admit.
this place is pretty perfect.
I'm not surprised. I'm sure
that Claire has been waiting
her entire life for this moment.
-[doorbell rings]
-I've got it!
[gasps] Ooh. that should be
Janine with the cakes.
[Meg chuckles]
Oh. Meg. I'm so sorry. We have
a problem with the cakes.
A problem? Like. what?
-Like. there are no cakes.
-No cakes?
[Janine] They didn't have our
cake order in their system--
What are you talking about?
I-I put it online months ago!
-I-I even have a receipt--
-I get there's a receipt.
But that still doesn't mean
there's a cake.
They're trying to work one in.
I told them to put a rush on it.
A rush on it? Like. today?
W-what if
we just made the cakes?
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. Ellie
needs a proper bride's cake.
These things happen.
It's fixable.
Janine. call again. Just make
sure that we will have a cake.
Okay. even two tiers
we will make do.
And. Debbie. have you ever made
chocolate cake?
Sam's cake is supposed to be
red velvet.
Well. red velvet
is chocolate cake
just with some food coloring.
I can do that. It'll be yummy.
You know. your mom makes
a pretty decent cake.
-Thanks. Debs.
-[Debbie] Yeah. Oh.
Claire. why don't we have a look
at what you have
in your kitchen?
Oh. I don't know
what we have in the kitchen.
I don't cook. so my guess
is as good as yours.
-But let's see.
-Hm. Okay.
It's gonna be okay. honey.
Look. everything's
gonna be fine.
Is it? 'Cause I'm not convinced.
Yeah. it will. I promise.
Let's just go look and see where
your ceremony's gonna be. huh?
[chuckles]
Okay. so I was thinking
the arch goes here.
and then the guests go here.
facing this way.
-Uh. can we fit everyone?
-Yeah.
Tightly. but. yes. I think so.
[Debbie screaming]
Oh. okay. look. Meg. I love
my mom. but she does this thing
where she announces
everything she sees
and narrates everything that's
going on as it's happening.
Can you please
not let that happen?
It drives me so crazy. Meg.
so crazy.
[laughs] Look
at this beautiful garden!
Oh. It's so peaceful and serene!
The gardeners do a lovely job.
don't they?
The ladies and I play bridge
out here sometimes. too.
Oh. wow. I can just see Ellie
walking in
from right over there.
-Yes. hon. Very cute.
-[laughs]
And look at this
for the seating area.
it's just so tiny
and adorable.
Oh. we'll sit right there.
-Yay!
-[Debbie laughs]
Oh...
Play ball.
-There you guys are!
-Whoa!
-Hey! It's so good to see you.
-Hi. Greg. how are you doing?
-Hi. Greg.
-Good to see you.
-Meg.
-Where have you two been?
Just deciding on wedding stuff
because I didn't know
where you were.
We're always out here.
you know that.
I'm sorry.
it's just with my parents
and your mom.
it's a lot to handle.
Well. I hope
at least the cakes arrived.
Do you need a new caterer?
'Cause I know
the best brisket guy
in all of Southern California.
[chuckles]
No. thanks. we're good.
You know everything's
gonna be okay. right?
I know. It's just still
a lot to do.
Well. do you need our help?
No. we just have
a few kinks to work out.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah. we'll be fine.
You just go work on your vows.
And then in just three days
I get to marry
the love of my life.
Aww...
[instrumental music]
Did you double-check the car?
I don't know if I could do this.
Why not?
Did I. did I lock it again?
I mean. go through
with the wedding.
El. that seems a tad extreme.
Oh. my gosh.
are you being serious?
Does it look like I'm joking?
Maybe it's just the-the
pre-wedding jitters. I mean.
you said earlier that maybe
you were experiencing them.
It's just. nothing is going
right. Maybe it's a sign?
This whole thing. it just.
it doesn't feel okay.
-Ellie. just try to breathe.
-Maybe we're not meant to be.
You and Sam are perfect
for each other.
You guys were made
to be together.
So why am I struggling
with the vows so hard?
Writing your own is a struggle.
I mean.
you're practically condensing
your entire love story
into just a few words.
Okay. but what about
everything else?
The chalet.
the bracelet. the cake.
It's like life is telling me
it's not the right time.
So then what do you wanna do?
Maybe take a walk out back.
-Think things over.
-That's a good idea.
But I do appreciate this
beautiful wedding
you've planned for me.
Of course.
What are best friends for?
I'd feel awful
if we called it off.
No. you just focus
on what's best for you. okay?
[Lauren sneezing]
Sounds like Lauren has arrived.
Meg. she. she can't see me
like this.
[sighs] Okay. you-you go. I'll.
I'll take care of Lauren. okay?
Thank you.
-Hey. How was the drive?
-[sneezes]
-Ah.
-You okay?
[sniffs] It's nature.
So I'm highly allergic.
Oh. no.
We have flowers everywhere.
Whatever happened to the chalet?
I was really looking forward
to the sauna.
It was just
a terrible mix-up is all.
[Lauren] You really should
let me help with the planning.
You always bite off
more than you can chew.
It was an issue with the agency.
Hm. I was dreaming
about that sauna.
It's really good
for head congestion.
Why don't I show you
to your room?
And you can freshen up
before we eat.
-Where's Ellie. though?
-Yeah.
I was. uh. wondering
the same thing.
We were gonna review our vows
before dinner.
Meg. wh...
Oh. you know. I think she just
stepped out for a second.
[chuckles] That's so weird. I
thought she was right behind me.
[sneezes]
So is anybody else hungry?
'Cause I'm starving.
-Where's dinner again?
-In town in two hours.
But if you're hungry now.
we have peanut butter and jelly
in the kitchen.
Sorry. caterer comes tomorrow.
He'll make food
for the entire weekend.
[instrumental music]
Mm. Your peanut butter and jelly
was a huge hit with Greg.
He asked if you could do more
for the wedding.
-Mm.
It's getting chaotic in there.
Greg and Walter are fighting
over the last half sandwich
and Debbie put on a movie.
but just keeps spoiling it.
[chuckles] Yeah. well.
it's gonna be a full house
all weekend. I'm afraid.
Yup.
This was a really nice idea
that you had though.
so thank you.
Yeah. It's a gorgeous place
for a wedding.
Yeah.
How are you doing?
[sighs] I don't know.
I'm kind of worried.
to be honest.
I think you were right
about Sam and Ellie.
She's having second thoughts.
and I'm afraid
she's gonna call off
the wedding.
-Seriously?
-Yeah.
-Sam would be crushed.
-Yeah. so would Ellie.
But. I don't know. she's just
not dealing with everything
that's coming at her too well.
and then she's hiding it
from Sam. probably 'cause
she doesn't wanna burden him
or have Claire step in.
Is there anything I can do
to help?
-Maybe talk to Sam?
-No. no. no. please.
-You cannot say anything yet.
-Okay. okay.
But I can't just sit back
and watch my best friend
get blindsided either.
I just. I don't know what to do
at this point beyond mitigation.
I don't know.
maybe Ellie's right.
All signs at this point
just point to a big disaster.
The chalet rental
wasn't your fault.
It doesn't matter.
Doesn't fix anything.
And I don't think anything will.
Ellie has never backed out
of anything.
Hey. look. look what you've done
for Ellie so far.
you know. putting
this whole thing together.
She is very lucky
to have a friend like you. Okay?
And if there's anyone I know
who can fix it. it's you.
Miss Can Do.
Miss Meg Knows Best.
I hated it
when you called me that.
-Yeah. I know.
-[Meg sighs]
Where is Ellie. anyway?
-She took a walk out back.
-Huh.
Well. maybe what she needs
to be doing
is talking a walk down
memory lane.
remembering why her and Sam
fell in love in the first place.
That's it. That's it!
I can't believe I'm gonna say
this. but you are a genius.
Wait. wait. hold up.
What is it?
That is what Ellie needs.
To be reminded
the meaning of her marriage.
Strip away all this
wedding stuff. and show them
why they fell in love
in the first place.
-I'm a genius.
-Oh. I regret saying that.
So what is the plan of attack?
I don't know.
Maybe we need to recreate
their first date or something?
Something that is special
to them. and their love story.
What do you remember?
I remember exactly
when Sam tried to take Ellie
out for dinner
for their first date..
Oh. he. he was a wreck.
Was that the Philamena's fail?
Yes. Philamena's.
Oh. only the classiest Italian
restaurant just off campus.
Oh. my mouth just waters
thinking about
their homemade ravioli.
Yup. and sadly.
there's no ravioli to be had
as Sam didn't understand
the concept of a reservation.
[chuckles] Right. nor did
he understand the concept
of overcooking pasta when he
tried to make dinner for Ellie.
but instead
set off the fire detectors.
[laughs] Well. he gets
an A for effort.
even if the meal was inedible.
Yeah. he sure does.
I remember Ellie called me
right after she had that date.
She said it was the best pasta
she's ever had
because it was made with nothing
but water. powder and laughter.
-Classic Sam.
-[singsong] Classic.
So what are we gonna do?
We can't replicate
our old place. It was a dump.
True. but I think a little
mac 'n' cheese throwback
could be just the trick.
Okay. then.
we're gonna have to get
some lettuce. croutons
and dressing.
Sam went a bit ambitious
with that side salad.
Okay. so we can go
grocery shopping.
we will get everyone out of
the house headed to that dinner.
Tell Ellie and Sam to hang back
for a little
fashionably-late entrance
and then we'll set up
when everyone's gone.
Sounds good. and if needed.
I have a lot of tricks
up my sleeve.
Okay. but let's try and stick
to the plan. okay?
Okay.
[instrumental music]
-[sighs] There they are.
-Hey. are you okay?
[sighs] It's just a little
migraine. I think.
I'm probably just dehydrated.
I'm sorry. honey.
that's terrible.
I'll. um. I'll get you
some water. okay?
Thank you.
Okay. you go in.
get things started.
I'll talk to Elle and make sure
everyone is out for dinner.
Okay.
Hey. you. How was your walk?
Are you feeling any better?
Not feeling better.
I just got even more stressed
and now Sam is upset with me
because he couldn't find me.
so I just told him
I had a headache.
But you don't have
a headache. do you?
What else was I supposed to say?
Meg. I keep pushing him away.
It would crush him
if he found out
I was having second thoughts.
but you can't tell anyone.
My mom. his mother.
they would be devastated.
Uh. you're fine. El.
I mean. who would I tell?
At this point you're
the only person I can trust.
Lauren is allergic to
everything. including secrets.
And now I have to put a face
on for everyone and talk about
how excited I am
for this dumb dinner.
Nope. You don't have to do that.
Why not?
Let's just say
the wedding party's gonna have
their own little dinner tonight.
Tyler and I have
something special planned
for the two of you.
You and Tyler?
Yeah. well.
we spent the afternoon together.
Okay.
Nothing makes sense anymore.
Just meet me at the den 7 p.m.
That is
your new reservation time.
Okay.
I spoke to Greg and they're all
at dinner. so we are good to go.
Perfect. so we have
about an hour to two
to make Ellie and Sam
fall back in love.
How's that. uh. side salad
coming along?
Oh!
-Oh. you forgot?
-I am going. okay?
Yup.
Wow. That mac 'n' cheese
definitely looks overcooked now.
Uh. how about
you mind your own business?
You have one job. and here
you are. supervising mine.
Well. that's because I couldn't
make bad mac 'n' cheese
if I tried. so it fell on you.
Mm-hmm.
Also. my menus are adorable.
What? When did you have time
to do that?
Like. ten minutes ago.
I just used the same program
I used
for Val's wedding invitations.
Oh. it was easy.
The salad. right.
Yeah. The. uh. dressing.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Wow! You need help and you need
salad for that dressing.
-Uh. Sam is the chef. remember?
-Mm-hmm. Yeah. yeah. Good cover.
It needs to be authentic.
We just have to remind them
how compatible
they are together. you know?
Like Sam.
He hits a roadblock
and he keeps going.
Ellie loves that about him. and
she finds his mistakes endearing
and him to be funny.
-He and I have that in common.
-Yeah. except. you're not funny.
Okay.
Here. let me give it a shot.
Uh. okay.
-I should go get Ellie.
-Yeah.
-Nice apron.
-Why. thank you.
And welcome to Philamena's.
-Hey. you feelin' better?
-Yeah.
Is your entire party present?
I think so. yeah.
And your name. sir?
-I'm Sam...
-Sam?
Hm. Could it be
under another name?
-[whispers] Just go with it.
-Try Ellie.
Ellie? Okay.
Yeah. um. I'm not finding it
anywhere here.
Are you sure
you made a reservation?
[chuckles] Uh. maybe I forgot?
It wouldn't be the first time.
Hey. it was only
our first date.
Yeah. I'm so sorry. but I can't
seat you here tonight.
Guess you'll just have
to go home and whip something up
in the kitchen.
[chuckles]
Our first date. You burned
your hand for me and everything.
Yeah. that burn was painful.
Left a mark.
You did a great job
playing it cool.
Oh. I wanted to impress you.
[Tyler] Dinner's coming
right up.
[Meg gasps] Oh. no!
You don't wanna set off
the fire detectors.
[coughing]
Ma'am. Sir.
Nice job. That is almost
as disgusting as I remember it.
[both] Bon appetit.
[chuckles]
-[doorbell rings]
-Ooh!
And this is the part
where Sam orders
the yummy pepperoni pizza.
Mm...
Worked like a charm.
Mm-hmm.
"Mm-hmm?" The date.
It worked like a charm.
Yeah. it was a...
-It was a great idea. huh?
-Yeah.
I'm so glad it worked. though.
I was kinda worried it wouldn't.
But I might be able to pull off
this wedding after all.
Wemight be able
to pull this off.
Mm. if by we you mean me.
then. yes.
You're just
a sufficient sidekick so far.
-Oh. really?
-Mm-hmm.
So I haven't helped inspire you
in any of this?
Nope.
Can I get a muse credit?
I'll think about it.
Do you think
we're in the clear yet?
Hard to tell. but it is nice
to see Ellie smile again.
Yeah. They have
their perfect love story.
Yeah. I wish I could find
what they have.
Don't we all?
Where did you even find
a fog machine?
That was an incredibly random.
but. but very nice touch.
I had it packed
in the back of my car.
I thought it might be cool
to. you know. use it
when the groomsmen walk out.
Like. pssh.
Oh. yeah.
That wasn't gonna happen.
-No?
-Mm-mm.
I'm glad it found some use.
though.
Yeah. well. I do have
a few tricks up my sleeve.
[cell phone beeps]
[sighs] It's work.
But it's not urgent.
[Ellie]
Thanks again for dinner.
That was actually really sweet
what you did.
I could tell it meant a lot
to Sam. too.
And it was nice seeing
you and Tyler getting along.
Uh. yeah. don't be used to that.
-[both chuckling]
-And don't mention it.
I'm just so glad that you and
Sam are back to normal again.
Yeah. Me. too.
I mean. I saw the sparks flying
between the two of you tonight.
The problem is the wedding.
It just. it doesn't feel real.
I feel so overwhelmed.
Well. I mean. you know.
it's normal to feel overwhelmed.
Yeah. it's just. with all
these people coming here
for this wedding. I just
don't wanna disappoint them.
Well. I think
you just need to relax.
And we can downsize if you're
still feeling overwhelmed.
You can have a tiny wedding
if you want to.
You don't have to have
Cinderella's big ball.
I'm already doing one of those.
happy to forfeit the other.
-So you think I should forfeit?
-No. that's not what I meant...
I. I just meant. with Valerie's
wedding. I'm overwhelmed.
so I get how you would be
overwhelmed. I...
Look. trust me when I say
there's no one else's wedding
in the world
I would rather plan
than yours. okay?
You're my best friend.
and I'd do anything for you.
-I love you.
-I love you. too.
Aww. look at our little Ellie.
Baby of the group
and the first to get married?
I thought for sure
it would be me.
[Ellie and Lauren chuckling]
And you. you aren't even close
to getting married.
You need to put yourself
out there more.
[Ellie] So what's the sitch
with you and Greg?
[Lauren] Huh. Please. He is
married to the sports channel.
-And who keeps texting you?
-Uh. Valerie Ford.
Her wedding is becoming
quite the event.
Details got leaked to the press.
so she wants
to push up even further.
Val Ford?
I love her.
How did you even end up
scoring her wedding?
This is crazy.
What is she like...
More importantly. can I crash?
[chuckles] Uh.
she's actually very nice.
She just has a very unique
vision for her wedding.
and it involves everything.
It's a nightmare.
And. yes. she's invited so many
people that I seriously doubt
she would notice you
stalking her.
[chuckles]
Well. I hope that she's gonna
have better luck
than this one. 'cause
this one's having problems.
I mean. it's definitely the
biggest wedding that I've dealt
with. but you know. I'm always
up for the challenge.
Something tells me
that Val's is gonna be easier.
[sneezes]
Hm.
Oh. almost forgot.
Ellie. oh. m-my nails are wet.
but your mom gave me
picture charms at dinner.
-Oh. perfect. Yeah.
-Oh. for your something old?
Yeah. I'm wrapping small
pictures of my grandparents
into the bouquet.
Aww. I love that!
Oh. and your mom. she gave me
her diamond earrings earlier
today for your something
borrowed. Thanks. Debs.
So that just leaves
your something blue.
Yeah. that's supposed to be my
bracelet. but I can't find it.
I've zero clue where it is. I've
ripped this whole house apart.
[Lauren] You could have
left it at home.
I triple checked.
It was in my bag.
You mean.
that beaded blue bracelet?
-[Ellie] Hm.
-Oh.
-We'll find it. El.
-[Ellie] I hope so.
'Cause I don't think
I can get married without it.
I brought everything we had
in stock. Any of these match?
They're all the blue ones
I could find.
[sighs] Well.
this one is sort of similar.
It's just Ellie thinks that
we're still gonna find hers.
But I'm just gonna let her
believe it
'cause she does not need
any more stress.
This is as close to the real
thing as we're gonna get.
-I think.
-Shall I have her try it on?
No. let's just pull it
and hold it here.
Thanks. Janine.
-Um. a little bit to the left.
-This way?
-No. the other left. That one.
-Oh.
A little bit. smidge.
No. too far. Okay. right there.
-Perfect.
-[Tyler] Fine.
I just still feel
really guilty. though.
Like. what if in the craze of
putting together Ellie's wedding
and Valerie's simultaneously
that I misplaced it somewhere?
So we'll keep looking for it.
You know. we're not gonna
give up hope yet.
Only we're officially way
behind schedule at this point.
So I'll drive back to the city
and look for it again.
No. weddings need to stay
on schedule.
That other bracelet
will have to do
even though
it's more clear than blue.
[sighs] Ellie is just gonna be
so upset if we can't find it.
I think we need to recreate
another date.
What? No. no. no. I thought
for sure we nailed that dinner.
Yeah. we did. but...
I talked to her last night
and I think she just needs
a little more reassurance.
Okay. what do you have in mind?
Three little words.
[laughs]
Am I meant to be familiar
with those words?
You should be.
I love you.
Aww. I love you. too.
I'm talking about the first time
they said it to each other.
I will fill you in on
the details as soon as I'm done
making these calls for Val.
No. You can't leave me hanging.
Fine. I'll show you.
But all I can say now is
it's just gonna remind them
how much fun
they really have together.
Wow. you're just like
a walking live feed.
[sighs]
Val is on the verge again.
Verge of what?
I don't know.
an emotional breakdown?
Overjoyed with happiness?
It changes by the minute.
But she is always on the verge.
always.
Uh-huh. You sure you didn't bite
off more than you could chew?
-Help me with this.
-Say please.
-[Meg] Just do it.
-Okay.
Let me tell you something.
my multi-tasking talents.
they have no limitations
or thresholds.
-Oh? Is that right?
-Obviously.
Are you sure you're not gonna
look back some day and feel bad
for not giving yourself
entirely to your best friend?
[scoffs] Excuse me?
Why don't you just stick
to your baby steps rule of thumb
and leave the big stuff
to the big kids. okay?
[Tyler] Okay.
-[Tyler sighs]
-Perfect.
I am doing just fine
juggling both. obviously.
You know. you're not gonna be
able to pull out that phone
standing next to Ellie
at the altar.
I won't need to. I'll just
put it in her bouquet.
[chuckles] Okay.
So are you gonna show me
what the next
deep-down memory lane is?
Okay. let's go.
Yeah. that's not what
that's used for. Can we focus?
Please?
-Thank you.
-Sure.
I can't even remember
the last time
I even went to a movie theater.
Feels like another lifetime.
I went the past weekend. Twice.
Wow. Must be nice
having such freedom.
Yeah. last time I checked.
it's a free country.
You know. the only person
tying you down is... you.
Wow. Thank you.
personal self-help guru.
[chuckles] Anytime.
Anyways. the movie theater
is where Sam and Ellie
first said "I love you"
to each other.
During the movie? Really?
-Sam never told me that.
-[Meg] Yeah.
Hm. I-I hope it wasn't during
the one of those stupid
true-crime shows
that he watches all the time.
No. no. no. it-it was sweet.
actually. It was a rom-com.
-A chick flick?
-Yeah.
Oh. Sam. Ooh.
He said he never went
to a chick flick with Ellie.
Oh. then he told you lies.
You know your-your friend Cliff?
-Cliff? Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
-Yeah.
We used to play
basketball together.
Right. well.
Cliff is the manager
at the Great Hills Theater.
they had this huge plan.
they were gonna sneak him in
late. have kettle corn and wine
and Ellie's favorite candy.
Uh...
He's kinda sweet. though.
Still gonna tease him for it.
Aha. but there's a twist.
They didn't even watch
the rom-com.
Ellie got sick.
so Sam set up his star projector
at home instead.
So he did weasel his way
out of the movie. Classic Sam.
[Lauren] It's true. though.
-Howdy.
-Hello.
Ms. Ellie and Mr. Sam.
we request your presence
this way
to the outdoor amphitheater.
Wait. why don't you request
our presence?
Uh. because you can't get
tickets to the show.
-Uh. what show?
-Hm.
The show
that we are about to show.
-[Sam chuckles]
-Well. how do we get tickets?
-You can't get tickets.
-[Greg] Why not?
Because
it is sold out.
-Mm-hmm.
-Sold out.
-[Lauren] Sold out?
-Yeah.
Well. then who else bought them?
It's a privately booked event.
I am so sorry.
Well. who booked?
Uh. the maid of honor
and the best man. of course.
[chuckles]
Bride and groom only. Let's go.
Just like college.
So I'm stuck with you
for two hours.
-[Greg] Ping-Pong?
-No.
-[chuckles]
-[gasps]
Wow! This is beautiful.
just like--
Oh. that date at Great Hills.
I like that nebula.
It's a nice nebula.
How do you know
what a nebula is?
Uh. I took an astronomy class
back in our Economics days.
all right?
Oh. and you actually
learned something? Shocker.
Guys. this is actually
really sweet.
Thank you so much.
I can't believe it.
It's nice to take a break from
the craziness of the wedding.
And revisit some of our most
special moments in our history.
But this isn't even
the best part yet.
I didn't forget you had
your very own concession stand.
Stars and snacks.
what more could you want?
-Go! Go!
-Come on!
[Tyler] Ready. set. go!
Sam. hello. I have a wedding
dress I have to fit into.
You're already two pounds
under your goal weight
for the wedding.
Haven't you suffered enough?
-You should eat.
-You remembered my goal weight.
I mean. you'd still be perfect
no matter how many pounds
you gain. but all bets are off
for the honeymoon.
Yes. Italy. Delicious pizza
and wine every day.
-I can't wait.
-I know.
We're gonna be watching
the stars
from the beautiful field
in Tuscany.
only. this time for real.
-Hey.
-Hm?
Do you remember what happened
that night at the theater?
You told me you loved me.
I miss dates like this.
We should do this kinda thing
more often.
Yeah.
I think we scored.
-You hungry?
-Always.
Ice cream and kettle corn.
Oh. my favorite.
Yeah. I can tell.
Honestly.
I do kinda miss being 13
and just eating whatever I want.
I know. right?
Those were the days.
Can you imagine having
a gallon-sized slushy now?
-Oh! The sugar rush.
-Calories?
The painful.
permanent brain freeze.
-Oh.
-Oh!
You know.
they really have worked hard
to get where they are.
They've always made it so easy.
Uh. nothing is easy
when you're marrying the son
of Claire the control bear.
[laughs] True.
Yeah. but it must be nice
to have someone on your team.
Yeah. They do make
great teammates.
Sam makes Ellie feel like
she can be young forever
and she knows
that he is definitely
gonna be a great dad someday.
Right. And kids love Sam.
no doubt.
They're gonna make great parents
someday.
Yeah.
Hm.
Uh. whoa. whoa. whoa!
What are you doing?
You're gonna ruin
a perfectly good hot dog
that only needs mustard.
Uh. but ketchup
goes on everything.
Uh. ketchup does not go
on everything.
Ketchup does not go
on a hot dog.
-Mustard goes on a dog.
-Says who?
Says the National Hot Dog
And Sausage Council.
Oh. made up of. uh. you and you?
Yeah. Me. Try it.
Uh. no. thank you.
Mr. Councilman.
Jeez. next thing I know
you're gonna be forcing
your little kettle corn
inside my Ben And Jerry's.
Only if you knew
what was good for you.
Hey. I'm just trying
to help you.
I'm from Chicago. and we take
our dogs very seriously.
Wait. you're from Chicago?
I just thought you moved there
after school.
It's an easy detail to miss.
I'm sure
we weren't exactly
tight friends.
Yeah.
Okay. maybe I shouldn't have
been so hard on you back then.
I just like
to take over projects
and I expect everyone to be
on the same page as me.
And I could've
probably. maybe.
s-sort of
been more of a team player.
Wow. I'm sure that was
really hard for you to say that.
But you still admitted
you were wrong.
I did not admit it. I just said
that I could've been
more a team player.
Okay. sure. I probably needed
the push most of the time.
-See? Exactly.
-What?
-You heard me.
-Nope.
Fine. I'll try your mustard.
Okay.
-Hm.
Good call. Mr. Councilman.
I'm not saying I'm wrong
about the ketchup. though.
This is just a compromise.
nothing more.
Speaking of compromise.
I might have to adopt
the West Coast ways
of using ketchup on my hot dog
fairly soon myself.
Why do you say that?
I have a job offer out here.
It's a huge career shift. but
I think it's a good opportunity
to move
into broadcasting. though.
Yeah. I might have to. uh.
say goodbye to the Windy City
after all.
Uh. do Sam and Ellie know?
I haven't told Sam yet.
but I haven't made up my mind.
Well. your secret
will be safe with me.
-When will you know?
-A week or so after the wedding.
I need to decide if I'm gonna
sign on the dotted line or not.
-Oh. they're coming.
-Oh.
-Ellie got hungry again. so...
-[Tyler] Oh. sure.
-[Meg] Please. help yourself.
-[Tyler laughs]
-We're just the help.
-So...
What were you two whispering
all quiet over here?
-Nothing.
-Okay. well. uh. we...
We just wanted to thank you
guys for. you know.
putting your differences aside
and getting along
for the two of us...
Wait. Our differences?
Meg said you guys couldn't
stand each other back in school.
Uh. people have
their differences sometimes.
I mean. who even says
we're getting along?
I mean. he's trying to force
his mustard-made agenda
onto my hot dog.
And you compared him
to bad sushi.
-I didn't! That wasn't me.
-[Sam] Okay. whatever.
Um. we're actually gonna
go work on our vows.
Ellie
still hasn't finished hers.
[Ellie] Yeah.
they're a work in progress.
Probably too much
wedding excitement. right?
Yeah. but at least they kept mom
and Claire at the shops all day.
Yes. Yes.
Thank you for that. too.
Okay. guys. go.
get your vows done already.
[both sighing]
Do you wanna
go stargaze in the front row?
Okay.
Bad sushi? Really?
-It was taken out of context.
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah. I bet you don't even
put wasabi in your soy sauce.
Oh. please! You are the wasabi
in my soy sauce.
Too much. and I get sick.
[upbeat music]
♪ Ah-ah
♪ I know
it's happening' again ♪
♪ 'Cause well I know
we can't go back ♪
♪Back to being friends ♪
♪So we'd end up this way ♪
♪Facing collision
we both didn't listen ♪
♪ 'Cause who cares
what people say? ♪
♪ Now babe
there's no turning back ♪
♪ Can't live alone wanna find
the one thing that's true ♪
♪ You won't regret not...
[whispering] How are your vows
coming along?
Making progress. finally.
I got the first two sentences
out. anyway.
-You didn't finish?
-[sighs] No.
At this point
I'm way more nervous
about my speech here tonight.
Oh. Don't be.
You're gonna be amazing.
-Thank you.
-Of course.
I'm so glad you're here.
[sneezes]
-Oh. bless you.
-[Lauren sighs]
That Benadryl should kick in
any time now.
-[glass clinking]
-Attention. Attention. everyone.
I wanna thank you so much
for being here
for this very special occasion.
and a special thank you
to Claire for having us
in her beautiful home.
As the proud father
of the bride.
I'd like to make a brief toast.
Oh. yes. Walter!
We love toasts.
I've written a little speech.
-Oh.
[Walter exhales]
[exhales] "Love is the reason
for this joyous occasion.
The beautiful love that Ellie
and Sam have shared for so long.
Uh. you see. Sam and Ellie's
paths crossed over ten years ago
when they were
young. carefree students.
And now. they. uh..."
[chuckles] Um. I...
I can't even read
my own handwriting.
-Here. dear.
-[Walter clears throat]
[Walter] Thanks. hon.
Oh. "And as they grew
older and wiser.
their love blossomed
into something special.
And today we celebrate
that something special.
We love you both very much.
and we are excited to have Sam
be a part of our family.
finally. once and for all."
Aww. you wrote that. sweetheart.
You sure I said older and wiser?
It makes them sound like
they're ancient.
Yeah. it's right there
on the paper.
I don't think
I wrote that. honey.
[Debbie] It's your handwriting.
[Walter] Oh. okay. good.
[cell phone vibrating]
[whispers] Sorry.
Not important.
Go on now. it's your turn.
Yeah.
Um. well.
thank you. mom and dad.
and. yes. thank you. Claire.
for having us.
I don't have a lot.
I wanted to say only that...
I just. uh. well. I just wanted
to thank all of you
for sharing your time with us
as we embark
on this exciting new journey
and chapter in our lives.
I especially wanna thank
my best friend
and maid of honor. Meg. for
everything she's contributed
to-to make this
an unforgettable wedding.
She's always been there for me.
although. I don't know
where she is right now.
Well. uh. that's really it.
Enjoy.
And cheers to that.
-[Debbie] Cheers.
-Cheers.
-[Tyler] Cheers.
-[indistinct chatter]
Hey. You feelin' all right?
You. you did amazing up there.
I. I just feel sick.
No. I-I've got this. Grace.
I-I promise.
-Yes. Mm-hmm.
-[footsteps approaching]
Yeah.
Okay.
Sorry. that was work. again.
You missed the end
of Ellie's speech.
Oh. I'm sure she was great.
Yeah. Yeah. she was.
She thanked you. You were gone.
[sighs]
Is she upset?
Not as much
as I would have been.
And I thought we were gonna help
Ellie and Sam
make things better.
Ellie gets it. okay?
Look. I don't need
or expect you to understand
just how important this other
wedding opportunity is for me.
You didn't see
the look on her face when she
turned around and you were gone.
Yeah. you're gonna miss out
on some really important moments
if you don't shift
your priorities
for the people you love.
Wait. suddenly
you're Mr. Responsible?
Meg. you were working
on someone else's wedding
during your best friend's
speech. About you.
Because that was my boss
getting on to me about
neglecting this other wedding
all day
just so I could make today
perfect for Ellie.
And if it wasn't for all
the hard work that I put in
for her today.
she probably would've
called off the wedding by now.
You know. Meg. you're.
you're just. you're the same
as you were in college.
you know. caring way more about
perfecting the work itself
than the actual people
you're working so hard
to please.
Excuse me?
You know. you are
the last person on Earth
to give advice
about work ethics.
You can't even hold down a job
that you excel in
because you're off
chasing the next great thing.
Well. maybe I was chasing
the next great thing...
but maybe that thing
isn't so great after all.
[instrumental music]
[door lock clicks]
[Meg] Hey. El?
[Meg sighs]
I am so sorry that I missed
the end of your speech.
Grace was practically
threatening my job
if I didn't answer right then.
How did it go?
[sighs] You missed it.
That's how it went.
It's fine. I know you have
couture dresses and carnivals
and petting zoos
you're dealing with--
No. I'm so sorry.
-I'm here now. okay?
-That was it.
That was the last sign I needed.
I said to myself.
"If one more thing happens..."
And that was it.
You weren't there.
What are you talking about?
I am here.
I've-I've always been
right here for you. Ellie.
You should have seen the look on
Claire's face. like. I'm a mess.
I'm sure you're just
imagining things. El.
Look. I know that things
haven't really made sense
or been as perfect
as your proposal was...
but tomorrow is going to be
the biggest day of your life.
Janine confirmed the cake
this afternoon.
she's picking it up tomorrow.
We found a replacement for
your something-blue bracelet.
and we did cut down
the guest list
by more than half.
And I. for one.
cannot wait to watch
my best friend
walk down the aisle.
If I can do it. Meg.
I just don't know anymore.
Hey.
Everything is gonna be okay.
I think you just need
a good night's sleep is all.
Everything will be better
tomorrow.
I hope so.
This looks great. um. let's
just do a few more wisteria
on each of the aisle-side
seatbacks. please.
-You got it.
-Thank you.
Meg. darling.
where can the photographer
set up out of the way?
Oh. yes. Hi.
Just right over there.
[cell phone ringing]
Grace. Hi.
No. I'm just waiting on
one last call from Gala Affairs
and then we are golden.
Yeah. no. the-the deposit's
already been paid.
Aww! You look so good!
Thank you.
Those allergy pills
finally kicked in.
-I'm golden.
-Good. Where's El?
I don't know.
I haven't seen her.
Claire was looking for her
earlier. too.
Hm. Wonder where she could be.
-[Sam] Meg! Meg!
-Yeah. I'm in here.
-W-what is it?
-It's Ellie.
-She called off the wedding.
-Wait. what?
-What exactly did she say?
-I have no idea.
E-everything's a blur after
she said the wedding was off.
I. I can't even feel my knees.
okay? I-I have no legs.
Okay. calm down.
I don't think she meant it.
She told her parents first.
Uh. Debbie's crying
in the kitchen
and. and Walter is crying
even harder.
Wait. why would she tell them
and not me?
She said she tried to.
last night.
-No. she didn't!
-Maybe she did.
And you just didn't listen.
You have selective hearing
sometimes. Meg. You know you do.
-So where's El right now?
-See? Selective hearing.
Uh. she went on a walk
out back. I-I think. I...
[Sam] Hey. she didn't wanna talk
to anyone.
I am not just anyone.
I'm her maid of honor.
-[Sam sighs]
-Breathe.
-[exhales sharply]
-Deep breath.
Ellie...
Oh. honey.
I need to be alone
right now. Meg.
Well. there's a lot of people
out front waiting for you.
so I don't really think
that's gonna happen.
So tell them to leave already.
Look. if you didn't want
this day to happen.
you would've canceled it
by now. don't you think?
I tried to. you wouldn't listen.
You're just so stubborn!
-El--
-Forget it. I...
-This day is ruined.
-Wait. come back!
[instrumental music]
[gasps]
[cell phone ringing]
Hi. Grace.
What's taking so long
to send the files?
I'm sorry. I told you
that I had my hands full
with another super-important
wedding today already.
Okay. but Valerie's wedding
is super important. too.
and she wants to know
the status of her llamas.
Well. you know. Beth can answer
all those questions.
She has access to all
of my emails as we discussed.
She wants to hear it
from you directly.
Well. I told her that I'm not
gonna be available today.
so she's just gonna
have to wait.
I have to go now. Grace.
I really am sorry.
But I kind of have
a wedding to save.
[Grace on phone] But. Meg. I...
So Claire and Deb
are stalling the guests
and Walter is about to speak.
so we have a little time.
but we do need to move fast.
Now. what are
some of the best memories
that you've shared with Ellie?
Everything's just blurred
right now.
Sam. think.
The clock is ticking.
Uh. we went bowling one time and
I-I tripped and broke a tooth.
No bodily injuries.
Think romantic.
Oh. what about that time
you guys went to that
fancy hotel restaurant
that I used to work at--
No. Lauren. Bigger than dinner.
Didn't she surprise you
with football tickets when
you guys were visiting me
in New York?
No sports. either.
All right. well. I-I don't know
what to day. all right?
I-I can't even think straight.
My brain is fried.
Okay. well. Sam.
you need to think harder.
You know. we have to go big
or go home on this one.
Your life is counting on it.
I just want everything to be
like the perfect day. you know?
Like. like summer
our senior year.
Summer senior year. That's it.
A perfect summer day
just like we had on campus.
I know what we have to do.
Oh.
Not surprised to see you
by the food.
I am surprised
you don't have a phone.
That's fair.
Look. I wanted to apologize
about last night.
You were right. You have been
right a lot. actually.
Oh.
I put planning a flashy wedding
ahead of being there
for my best friend
when she needed me most.
And I pushed you away
when you were just trying
to get me to see that.
And if I'd listened to you. uh.
there'd probably
still be a wedding.
Yeah. well.
it's a bit late for that now.
A shame. though.
It would have been incredible.
Well. I still think
there's a chance.
only. I gotta admit
I kinda need your help.
Okay. I've needed your help
this whole time.
Got to admit. you inspire me.
-Oh?
-I wish I used it sooner.
[exhales] Okay. sure.
What do you have in mind?
Just recreating one last date.
-Okay. sure. I'm in.
-Great.
Because we are about
to recreate a hot summer day
just like we had on campus.
we need to hide this box.
I see.
Like summer scavenger hunt
on west campus.
All right. let's do it.
[knocking on door]
[instrumental music]
[sniffles]
"Your journey through love
begins now.
Follow your favorite flower
to find your first clue.
Keep this key to my heart
with you."
[knocking on door]
Oh.
Okay. what do we have here?
[Ellie chuckles]
"I wanna take a long walk
in this life with you. I do.
but never walk all over you."
[Ellie chuckles]
"Love is kind. love is sweet.
Head into town and stop by
our favorite campus haunt
for an indulgent treat."
Where are all the guests?
They're in the side lawn.
enjoying their hors d'oeuvres.
My lady.
[Greg] Have fun.
[instrumental music]
-Hey. how are you today?
-Hi.
Sorry. it's my wedding day.
and I've been dieting for weeks.
-It can't hurt now. can it?
-I get it.
I think I'll have two scoops
of berry-balsamic in a cone.
-Please.
-You got it.
-Here you go. sweetheart.
-Oh. Thank you.
And here you go.
keep the change.
Oh. thank you so much.
Oh. and I have something
for you.
-For me?
-Guess so.
"And as she ate
her berry-balsamic.
she found herself dreaming of
old days. lost deep in thought.
It is here. she realized.
XO marks the spot."
X marks the spot?
Back to the ranch.
-Oh. Thank you! Thank you!
-You're welcome.
[instrumental music]
[exhales sharply]
Believe it or not.
Sam came up with all
the scavenger-hunt clues.
He even wrote the rhymes?
-Uh. he helped.
-[Ellie chuckles]
I don't know
what I was so afraid of.
I love Sam with all of my heart.
He feels the same way.
Wow. What if I've messed
everything up?
You didn't.
He's waiting for you.
I'll go get him ready.
There is just
one teeny tiny thing
I still need you to do for me.
-Meg. seriously?
-[Meg sighs]
Look. I know that I messed up
your wedding. and I'm sorry.
I just... You can trust me
with this. okay?
I wanna be
your best friend again.
not just your wedding planner.
You could never just be
my wedding planner.
You're my best friend.
and you've made everything
perfect again.
just like you always do.
[instrumental music]
-Sam. I'm so sorry--
-Ellie. I... No-no.
You-you. you have nothing
to apologize for. okay? I...
Truth is. I shouldn't have
given you any doubts
about writing my vows
in the first place.
I mean. you know. I never
really was great with words.
That's not why I was struggling.
Our love story
has-has spanned a decade.
I mean. our time together.
i-it can't be contained
to just one paragraph. you know?
Every day I just know
that there's nowhere else
I'd rather be than with you.
That's all I wanted to say.
I just...
I just didn't know
how to make something so big
fit into something so small.
you know?
Not that the vows were small. I
just didn't have a lot of time.
No. I. I totally get it.
And I do need to apologize.
I lost it for a minute.
I lost us.
I just wanted everything to be
perfect for everyone else
that I lost what makes us work
until our best friends
reminded us.
And now I know that perfect
is only what you make of it.
and today will be perfect
because it's ours.
Okay. well. how about
we start over. all right?
Ellie Thomson.
will you marry me. today?
Yes! Of course I will! Yes!
[music continues]
See. I got some tricks
up my sleeve.
Plus. I know how badly
you wanted to play this today.
Yeah. It's like they're kissing
in the clouds.
[sighs]
It's a nice touch. right?
Very.
Uh. so we are
still able to. um...
Oh. yeah! Let's get married.
[all laughing]
[upbeat music]
♪ I didn't know how hard
I'd been hit ♪
♪ Remembering all the things
I chose to forget ♪
♪ I buried it deep inside
♪ The rivers of tears I cried
♪ The last time I swore
would be the end ♪
♪ But you woke me
from a slumber ♪
♪ You revived my heart
♪ Made this darkness
full of wonder ♪
♪ You're the light
of a thousand stars ♪
♪ Loving was something
comes easy ♪
♪ At least
that's what they say ♪
♪ With a touch and a whisper
you freed me ♪
♪ You saved me
from all my shame ♪
♪ And all of the time
I wasted ♪
♪ Why you kept hope alive
and waited ♪
♪ There's so much
that could be complicated ♪
♪ And I I simply love you
-Oh.
-[applauding]
♪ Mm simply love you
♪ The hand that you gave
pulled me back in ♪
♪ The sound of your voice...
[Meg clears throat]
Cake's turned out great.
Yeah. Everything did.
How's your job?
Did you get fired?
Oh. I overheard you
talking to your boss.
Oh. no. Grace won't fire me.
She needs me way too much.
Good.
What about you.
did you make a decision
if you're gonna move
to the Wild West or not?
'Cause I was kinda thinking
that you should.
I don't know. I think
someone gave me a reason
to doubt my motives.
You know. if I were to shift
positions in my career.
I might need some inspiration.
You inspire me.
I'll inspire you.
♪ Simply love
the way you see me ♪
Do you wanna dance?
♪The real man I am ♪
-I would love to.
-Okay.
♪ You're not afraid
to see the worst in me ♪
♪ This fame will never fade
Now. who would've thought
a scavenger hunt
would save the day?
-Uh. I did.
-Okay.
And plus it was good
to see you
finally being able to work
as a team player.
Well. you wanna know
what I think?
Besides mustard is great
on a hotdog?
♪ My shame
-No.
-Okay. what?
I think that
we make a really good team.
♪ And waiting
♪ There's so much
that could be complicated ♪
♪ But I I simply love you
[instrumental music]
[music continues]